misc: add documentation for uncaught exceptions for within cy.origin() (#5821)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/api/cypress-api/catalog-of-events.mdx

})
```

> If within the `cy.origin()` command, uncaught exceptions need to be turned off from within the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an uncaught exception is thrown from a domain within a `cy.origin()` command, the uncaught exception handler will need to added within the `cy.origin()` command to take effect.
```

Author: addressed in 18955e1bf
